Docs fix (#3397)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/start-syncing.md

This is particularly important if you are joining a network that's been running for a while since the sync could take some time.

> > ⚠️ If you want to sync faster and attest immediately, you should take a look at [checkpoint sync](./trusted-node-sync.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ If you want to sync faster and attest immediately, you should take a look at [trusted node sync](./trusted-node-sync.md)
```

> > ⚠️ If you want to sync faster and attest immediately, you should take a look at [trusted node sync](./trusted-node-sync.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Tip:** If you'd like to sync faster and start attesting immediately, we recommend taking a look at [trusted node sync](./trusted-node-sync.md)
```
